Multi threading
fire update
vehicle updtae

basically just run the fire on a seperate thread
because fire doesnt have to interact with input.
vehicles do interact wiht input so this would make it complicated.
so fire spawns fire thread.
when vehicles are interacting with a fire, they can basicaly set the fire to be set as, beingwateredbyhowmanyliters * gametime.
then the burn rate will be affected by the amount of water being dumped on it.  zero means uncontrolled burn obviously


and the fire will calculate the spreading in its own update on its own thread


pathfinding update.
pathfinding runs in a thread pool.  push pash finding jobs to a stack




ground sprite
create a ground sprite for each tile
then the tile references the ground sprite in each layer

ground sprite
tilesheet... (be good to make a tile atlas though)
tile location
rotation
type.... then this is stored in the type


coudl split roads up by

y and n.  first is up. so YNYY would be up yes. right no. down yes. left yes
so types could be ROADTYPE YNYY






Firegame

Add clouds using a layered camera view spot. Highly see then things will give it depth

Multithreaded heavily
Thread pool
Updatevehicles
Updatefirespread
A star can go in the thread pool. Not as big priority tho. As the main updates need to be main priority
So at the start of the round stuff gets added to the thread pool. Draw doesn't start until the thread pool is complete

A star improvements. Jump search among the same roads
Also straight away add in off-road driving. Best way to do it is... if your position is off-road your trying to get to... do a search for the nearest road within x distance. If find one... astar to that space then a star to the off-road pos.

Driving improvements. No dodgey jumps. When a vehicle with a siren on, cars will drive half off the road to the left.

Need to create driving things for them to move. So they back up half a tile, then drive forward to the left and park half a tile to the left. They still occupy that tile but an emergency vehicle can pass. Also when we need to make a direct 90 turn, rather than just turn, the vehicle will back up half a tile then enter the turn phase. No more direct turns. If there ends up minor clipping so be it

Also attachments. So lights etc are all in an attachment list on the vehicle. So we can update and draw them as needed. If our hose is on attachment hose is added

Clouds. Add clouds on a half moving layer to give depth. So moving the camera and the clouds have a scrolling look.

Smoke. Done with effects. We can shrink and stretch smoke effectd to give it whispy wavy look.

Night or evening lighting needed.

Rain?

Buildings and building shadows. Make a shadow map. Sun comes from a direction. So buildings are done using a shadow map.

Perhaps we don't procedurally create buildings but instead we make presets.

Towns. Each town needs a firehouse that has vehicles. Vehicles have water etc

Map zoom. After map generation we will recreate the map at a different zoom level But using cells. Rather than it being one texture. If our zoom reaches a certain level out we switch to this view. Then fire engines etc are drawn as red circles rather than fire engines

Map generation. Less rivers. Forest. To do with shadows we need objects like building objects etc. I think that's why we need a building generator tool, cos then we can add shadows etc. Then we place the buildings where we can. We can also use this for fire spreading etc

Fire spread. Make a great algorithm. With fuel load and burn rates. It will be multithreaded. Fire spread throughout small sections of the tile. But don't store the spread information in the tile itself... to costly. Just store a reference to that fire. That active fireplace will store a smaller grid of what's burning, doing the maths to combine the smaller burning bits into a bigger bit

Vehicles. They don't randomly spawn. They all have a home. They all have shops and places to go. I think we need to work more on town generation and make all these places

Need to create a gap on all texture sheets if haven't done already. Edges bleed otherwise

Game level idea
You need to burn off a specific area safely. Have a burning truck
A truck can back burn. Well a special truck


Each square will have the same object id as the house.  However we only want to draw the house once.  so perhaps we need to keep a list of oebjects we have drawn for each frame.  cant do it on the object itself becase we may draw in different windows.  (abstract that from the object)  I think we could think of a better solution

But once a building starts burning we dont just want that tile to burn, we want the wole building to burn.  Sam with a tree.  So need to just treat the house as one object not just a bunch of tiles

However that means what do we decide what to burn.  if a house is l shape that means theres a lot of transpareny in the objec that can burn.  so perhaps the object needs to be made out of rectangles that are burnable

Each object needs a hegiht.  This hegiht can be used to calculate shadows.  each object also needs a shadow map i think. 


I think we need to get create with layered drawing.  especially for the shadow and lighting map.


For example













































